sacchi nuncia virdis but it is still a
milan that immediately scares inter
so much so that the third row touches the head
for zenga that outgoing and exceeded by
ball watch the two in slow motion
Interists are face to face but not yes
they understand and the ball ends up in the bag
come maybe he should have stayed in
door
the inter reaction is confused lindsay
and it only produces this thread of
cioci that in half inverted commits
roosters and the Milan that plays better and
trapattoni worries about trying to
call his own but it's all useless
colombo cross in area rejects the defense
Inter and Donadoni captures the full
crosspiece
shortly after taxotti and gullit come down
well but the Dutchman's conclusion
wrong also the recovery inter ha le
unclear ideas and proves it
mandorlini when favored by a
rebound is found only in front of roosters
instead of pulling passes to altobelli in
clear offside still makes itself
dangerous milan with this turn of
head to tell you recently entered that
forces the zenga to fly on the finish
the inter obstinately tries to
get to the same highbelli gets free
well but instead of trying to pull some
mate and opportunity fades
at the microphone we hear brown pizzul
trapattoni and sacks and milan prevailed
in this first time and we have it
understood a lot even hit a stake
perhaps he legitimized this advantage
in the second half I would say he had the
merit of being able to control the tender well
and have not had the credit are
quantitatively to equalize a little
how much they did in the first one
time creating a beautiful goal ball e
two cues from altobelli on the left
who could not even give us this goal
unfortunately for mandolins that moment has
past the ball we will see if high well
was offside less
I believe that even while giving the love of a
nice game at Milan I was wearing though
definitely match this race
arrigo sacchi will pass a merry Christmas e
thanks also to the most unpredictable of the
Santas ferre well would be unfair
for irons and also not very generous in
our comparisons I would say we have it
past that this team wanted
pass showed on the field the
own value